ice License

Version 1.0, January 2023

-----------------------------------------------------------------------------


Licensor:             ice Labs Limited

Licensed Work:        ice Network
                      The Licensed Work is (c) 2023 ice Labs Limited

-----------------------------------------------------------------------------


Permission is hereby granted by the application Software Developer, ice Labs
Limited, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this application,
software, and associated documentation files (the Software), which was
developed by the Software Developer (ice Labs Limited) for use on ice Network
whereby the purpose of this license is to permit the development of
derivative works based on the Software, including the right to use, copy,
modify, merge, publish, distribute, sub-license, and/or sell copies of such
derivative works and any Software components incorporated therein, and to
permit persons to whom such derivative works are furnished to do so, in each
case, solely to develop, use, and market applications for the official ice
Network.

All Derivative Works developed under this License for use on the ice Network
may only be released after the official launch of the ice Networkâ€™s Mainnet.

For purposes of this license, ice Network shall mean any application,
software, or another present or future platform developed, owned, or managed
by ice Labs Limited, and its parents, affiliates, or subsidiaries.

Disclaimer of Warranty. Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in
writing, Licensor provides the Software on an "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT
WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied, including,
without limitation, any warranties or conditions of TITLE, NON-INFRINGEMENT,
MERCHANTABILITY, or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. You are solely
responsible for determining the appropriateness of using or redistributing
the Software and assume any risks associated with Your exercise of
permissions under this License.

Limitation of Liability. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS
BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES, OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION
OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF, OR IN CONNECTION WITH
THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in
all copies or substantial portions of the Software.